hello everyone time for another indie
box this one shaped a little bit
differently it's sort of like in a
portrait mode you see let's go ahead and
open and see what's inside though
actually I know it's inside but let's go
ahead and see for ourselves
hand of fate yeah I was ok I guess they
shrunk to just a different type of box
it only fits the box itself instead of
the extra stuff who is in here uh okay
message from indie box what's in the box
okay I wanna know what's in the box I
want find out hand of fate I've seen
that this is like a card game or
something and so I gotta tell you guys
I'm a little apprehensive
they let me put this out of the way I'm
a little apprehensive because I don't go
well with card games I so some of you
already know that but I don't know I had
a friend who told me that this game is
actually not bad it's pretty good so I
don't know we're just gonna have to play
it and find out but again I have a bad
feeling about it
card games aren't for me so maybe maybe
I'm gonna hate it and you guys will say
I'm a bastard because I didn't give it a
chance to begin with I don't know I'll
try to be unbiased you guys know that
I'll try but no guarantees I can't help
but like what I like and not like what I
do not like all right hands of fate
let's see again yeah it's just well wait
uh it doesn't look like that much of a
card game it looks kind of action II huh
we'll have to see I'm not gonna get my
hopes up open up a box or sing in their
instruction manual very cool looks cool
let me look at the controls maybe
that'll tell me ah change selection
choose to promo for wait wait that's the
card table controls oh nice look move
attack counter bash okay cool so this
one does have some action elements I
hope I don't know we'll see artwork
looks pretty cool clothes oh yeah very
cool skeleton man awesome
next ooh some something we'll see what
that is then here's any box and it has a
little heart right there with your boxes
cool
and also it's a card game yes I know
that if it has a deck of cards in there
which this feels like this feels like a
deck of cards if it does I might just
scream if it's like a 52 card deck or
something let's say open this up ah deck
of cards custom card deck uh okay just
put this to the side right now and what
else do we have here hand of fate and
this is you know what I think this is
the actual game because remember they're
gonna they were switching away from like
the USB thing so maybe that's the actual
game let's see well OOP sorry camera
that's it why this is a pretty bear
indie box um let's see I think this is
the game come on there we go and okay so
yeah the soundtrack and then this is the
game I presume yeah installation disk
damnit I hear that they got away from
the USB Drive but I can see why they did
because they're having some quality
control issues let's see this message
from indie box because let me see they
were talking about feedback they had a
survey on there and I participate in the
survey I did give my thoughts about how
they should proceed forward with any box
content
let's see because they were pretty much
asking like hey should we make three
boxes cost more money and have more cool
stuff in there or should we lower the
price and have less cool stuff I
they had some really I it wasn't really
intuitive as far as like how you could
answer questions but I guess that's kind
of like what you wanted that study just
to see what people actually want you
know and then try to meet that but I
don't know if it really worked
maybe ah you see many of you have had
issues with inconsistent functionality
of the USPS which I did so yeah and I
was constantly complaining about that
because of course I give you guys the
steam key if you guys didn't see it no I
think I might
ruined it before but there you go
somebody out there please try out the
game tell me if I'm crazy if I like it
or I don't like it tell me what you
think don't tell me what I think tell me
what you think but yeah please enjoy the
game and um let's see replica items are
overwhelmingly popular I would say
that's pretty true I mean there's been
some rep replicas which I thought were
kind of down like the assault Android
cactus thing I was alright but yeah
replica items those are really cool cuz
you really want to feel something that's
from the actual game I don't know if
this is from the game but still you get
my point
surveys whatever okay well it doesn't
really give us defendant answers as far
as what they're gonna do let me see
what's in these cards I hope they're not
a 52 card deck I hope maybe it's like
the same deck as like what you get in
the game so maybe you could play the
game either digitally or the old
fashioned way I think I'm just thinking
too wishfully on that one let's see oh
no ahh alright okay for a while because
wait wait are these these kind of look
like they're just regular cards because
I mean they have jokers and yeah damnit
this looks kind of like you know just
you know there's the ACE the a of dust
okay yeah this looks like it's just a 52
card deck damn it
whatever and yeah this isn't like yeah
you see the cards here it's like gambler
cheat the tower the Minotaur creature of
the sea to start I wish we had those
instead of you know this right here this
is just a 52 card deck damn it
so yeah the extras right here they suck
I do not like the extras I do not
appreciate them right now but maybe the
game is gonna be good maybe the game and
I don't know if this box was made in
response to the feedback or whatever
they got so I don't know if this is
indicative of indicative of what we're
going to get in the future if it is I'm
gonna be pretty disappointed and maybe
maybe there will be a day when I
don't do any boxes if it just doesn't
meet my criteria for a good product that
I could recommend because of course I
mean this is not sponsored content I'm
not getting any deal on the back end or
anything like that it's completely not
sponsored it's paid out of my own pocket
and so I don't know I'd hate to say that
maybe any box reviews will stop but and
in fact I'm not saying that at all right
now I'm not saying definitively anything
but that is something that's on my mind
because the extras right here in this
box it's nice we got an instruction
manual I really don't care about the
card deck and yeah basically we just got
an instruction manual so the extras
right here sucked but I'll try out the
game because as I said in the last
review you cannot judge in any box by
its cover so just like moon hunters
really surprised me as being just an
amazing freakin game this one it could
be an amazing game too and that's one of
the things I like about any box it
exposes me to games that I otherwise
would never have tried and this is a
game that I would never have tried no
matter how hard you try to convince me
so now that having my hands I have to
try it and maybe I will actually like it
I don't know but I don't know the future
of indie box reviews we'll have to take
you one box at a time for now and see
where we go from here but where we go
from here we're gonna try out the game
let's try it out Oh
junk this game is a fucking disaster I
don't think there was a single minute
that I enjoyed playing it and right off
the bat you guys can see there runs like
shit on my PC but that's not entirely my
fault this is a game that's supposed to
run on current gen consoles so I know
that it's gonna be pretty demanding but
I'm not graphics snob so I don't mind
running a lower setting but what I do
have a problem with is when I try to
change the setting and the fucking thing
crashes every fucking time so I know it
looks like shit but it's not my problem
the game is broken and while we're
talking about how the game looks like I
talked about the animations here
this game has animations for everything
they're trying to look all spiffy but it
just looks really stupid they take way
too long and they're unskipable it
didn't take long for my patience to run
out and then I was just like get to the
fucking game already and once you get to
the actual game it's not much faster
everything is decided by the cards and
it is very slow-paced now look I read
know that there are some people out
there who are gonna tell me well it's
not really a card game it's more of a
roguelike no now trust me it is not a
roguelike don't even listen to anybody
who tells you that they are full of shit
look a roguelike is a game that drops
you off in a dungeon or whatever it
takes place and you kinda have to make
as much progress as you can while
encountering different enemies and
obstacles along the way that's a pretty
open-ended style of gameplay if we make
the definition broad enough then we
could pretty much say that any card game
is a roguelike because pretty much every
card game is based on the random chance
of what the next card is you could say
the Magic the Gathering is a roguelike
or even blackjack I mean that's based on
random chances in the future but I think
most of us here will agree that those
are not roguelikes and since this
channel is not a democracy and what I
say goes
and a fate is not a roguelike don't let
anyone tell you otherwise now yes there
are combat sections in this game but I'm
not kidding you those parts only make up
like 10 to 20% of the whole game and
normally I would say that that sucks I
want to see more action in a game but
not here trust me those action sequences
can not end soon enough they suck it
plays like a hack-and-slash beat them up
think of it as like a third-person
Golden Axe type game but it sucks
because it's only you against all these
enemies so it's really easy for them to
just dogpile you and then you just have
to run away and try to spread them out
and it doesn't lock on to them easily so
sometimes you'll just take off running
into a wall so yeah that was the most
surprising part of this game I actually
wanted to see more of the card gaming
aspect than the action once I was done
with it it really feels like two
different games stitched together and I
can't even justify the card based half
of it it plays like a multiple-choice
test you just meet these characters you
have to say the right thing and then
you'll get something good if not you'll
get something bad it's just like a
multiple-choice test that's what they
should have called it a multi like not a
roguelike the idea of meeting NPCs that
then that affecting gameplay is not a
bad idea on the face of it it was just
poorly implemented here moon hunters did
it the right way in that game not only
was the NPC part of it optional but he
also flowed a lot quicker and it felt
more immersive it didn't feel like these
people were obstacles or tests in front
of me it felt like these were actual
people in this world who had their
own quest that they were on and our
journeys just happened to pass each
other really when I think about it moon
hunters is the better game here it did
everything so right and hand of fate did
everything so wrong I cannot recommend
hand of fate
just go get moon hunters you'll thank me
later and not only was hand of fate a
bad game it was also a bad box during
the whole time that I've been doing the
whole indie box thing I always said the
discourse is their worst box it was a
bad game and the extras were terrible
but now I think it is safe to say that
they topped themselves hand of fate is
the worst indie box out there and you
know the scary thing about that is that
this is the future of any box right here
you know that little layer that was in
the box that I talked about the survey
that we did well apparently they made
this box after they got those survey
results now my answers in that survey
they were pretty much reflective of how
you've seen these reviews go I pretty
much told them that I don't want to see
so many stickers I want to see more
items more content in there but don't
make the boxes super expensive because
of that so with this box I'm glad to see
that they took away the stickers but why
did they add all I see is that stupid
deck of cards and even that is not an
original idea they did before with the
steamworld dig box did they really take
our responses into account or did they
just read into it the way that they
wanted to read because all I see is that
they're subtracting content and not
adding anything is that what the survey
said do you think anybody answered the
survey saying I want to get less and pay
more and during this unboxing I was
trying to avoid saying that the future
of any box on this channel is in doubt
but I have to truthfully say I am
reconsidering the indie box content now
because I cannot stand by the service if
this is what we're getting in the future
this is not sponsored content it comes
out of my pocket and if this is what
they're delivering I am NOT keeping that
subscription but let's just take it one
box at a time that's all I have for
today thanks for watching guys I'll see
you next time